docs: Update docs w.r.t. new structure (#490)
ansys/pyfluent-visualization: doc/source/api/visualization/graphics.rst

In the following example, a ``Graphics`` object is instantiated with a Fluent

> session as its context. The ``Graphics`` object is used to create a mesh,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
session as its context. The ``Graphics`` object can be used to create a mesh,
```
